MIGRATION.md, before:

# Migration from Vite to Next.js

This project has been successfully migrated from Vite to Next.js to better integrate with the Vercel AI SDK.

## Key Changes Made

### 1. Project Structure

- **New**: `app/` directory for Next.js App Router
- **New**: `app/layout.tsx` - Root layout component
- **New**: `app/page.tsx` - Main page component
- **New**: `app/api/` - API routes for Next.js

### 2. Configuration Files

- **Updated**: `package.json` - Next.js scripts and dependencies
- **Updated**: `tsconfig.json` - Next.js TypeScript configuration
- **Updated**: `tailwind.config.js` - Next.js content paths
- **New**: `next.config.js` - Next.js configuration
- **New**: `.eslintrc.json` - Next.js ESLint configuration

### 3. API Routes

- **New**: `app/api/chat/route.ts` - AI chat endpoint using Vercel AI SDK
- **New**: `app/api/readability/route.ts` - Website readability endpoint

### 4. AI Integration

- **Updated**: `src/services/ai/vercel-ai-service.ts` - Now uses Vercel AI SDK's `useChat` hook
- **Updated**: Chat components now use streaming responses

## Benefits of Next.js Migration

1. **Better AI SDK Integration**: Native support for Vercel AI SDK
2. **Streaming Responses**: Real-time chat responses with proper streaming
3. **API Routes**: Built-in API route handling
4. **Better Performance**: Next.js optimizations and caching
5. **Type Safety**: Improved TypeScript integration

## Setup Instructions

1. **Install Dependencies**:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Start Development Server**:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

3. **Build for Production**:
   ```bash
   npm run build
   npm start
   ```

## API Endpoints

- **AI Chat**: `POST /api/chat` - Streaming AI responses
- **Readability**: `GET /api/readability?url=<url>` - Website content extraction

## Environment Variables

Make sure your `.env.local` file includes:

```
OLLAMA_HOST=http://localhost:11434
```

## Local Ollama Setup

Ensure Ollama is running locally with the required model:

```bash
ollama pull llama3.2:3b-instruct-q4_K_M
ollama serve
```

## Migration Notes

- All existing components have been preserved
- Chat functionality now uses Vercel AI SDK streaming
- API routes are now Next.js API routes instead of Express
- TypeScript configuration optimized for Next.js
- Tailwind CSS configuration updated for Next.js paths

Commit message:

chore: remove deprecated AI components and reset architecture
- Delete outdated files related to the AI assistant system, including agent components and chat functionalities, streamlining the codebase for improved maintainability.
- Transition to a PostgreSQL-based approach for company data management, enhancing data handling and retrieval processes.
- Update the useAppState hook to initialize a clean UI state, ensuring a fresh start for users without preloaded data.
- Revise README.md to reflect the latest architectural changes and remove references to deprecated features, maintaining comprehensive documentation.
- Ensure consistent architecture and adherence to coding standards throughout the project.

MIGRATION.md, after:

# Migration from Vite to Next.js

This project has been successfully migrated from Vite to Next.js.

## Key Changes Made

### 1. Project Structure

- **New**: `app/` directory for Next.js App Router
- **New**: `app/layout.tsx` - Root layout component
- **New**: `app/page.tsx` - Main page component
- **New**: `app/api/` - API routes for Next.js

### 2. Configuration Files

- **Updated**: `package.json` - Next.js scripts and dependencies
- **Updated**: `tsconfig.json` - Next.js TypeScript configuration
- **Updated**: `tailwind.config.js` - Next.js content paths
- **New**: `next.config.js` - Next.js configuration
- **New**: `.eslintrc.json` - Next.js ESLint configuration

### 3. API Routes

- **New**: `app/api/readability/route.ts` - Website readability endpoint

### 4. AI Integration

- Chat/assistant components and Vercel AI SDK usage have been removed in the reset

## Benefits of Next.js Migration

1. **Better AI SDK Integration**: Native support for Vercel AI SDK
2. **Streaming Responses**: Real-time chat responses with proper streaming
3. **API Routes**: Built-in API route handling
4. **Better Performance**: Next.js optimizations and caching
5. **Type Safety**: Improved TypeScript integration

## Setup Instructions

1. **Install Dependencies**:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Start Development Server**:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

3. **Build for Production**:

   ```bash
   npm run build
   npm start
   ```

## API Endpoints

- **Readability**: `GET /api/readability?url=<url>` - Website content extraction

## Environment Variables

Make sure your `.env.local` file includes:

```bash
OLLAMA_HOST=http://localhost:11434
```

## Local Ollama Setup

Ensure Ollama is running locally with the required model:

```bash
ollama pull llama3.2:3b-instruct-q4_K_M
ollama serve
```

## Migration Notes

- All existing components have been preserved
- Chat functionality now uses Vercel AI SDK streaming
- API routes are now Next.js API routes instead of Express
- TypeScript configuration optimized for Next.js
- Tailwind CSS configuration updated for Next.js paths
