README.md, before:

# ICP Builder

A modern React/TypeScript application that generates Ideal Customer Profiles (ICPs) using AI analysis. Built with Next.js, tRPC, PostgreSQL, Redis, and Ollama for optimal performance and type safety.

## 🚀 Features

- **AI-Powered ICP Generation**: Uses Ollama LLM for intelligent customer profile creation
- **140+ ICP Templates**: Comprehensive library of B2B, B2C, and B2B2C customer profiles
- **Type-Safe API**: Full end-to-end type safety with tRPC
- **Redis Caching**: High-performance caching for companies, ICPs, and application state
- **PostgreSQL Database**: Robust data persistence with proper schema management
- **Single LLM Call Generation**: Efficient ICP generation with one call per profile
- **Company Management**: Create, update, and manage multiple companies
- **AI Campaign Generation**: Generate complete marketing campaigns using AI
- **Campaign Management**: Create, edit, delete, and organize campaigns
- **Multi-Media Support**: Google Ads, LinkedIn, Email, Print, and Social Media campaigns
- **Copy Style Options**: Facts, Humour, Smart, Emotional, and Professional styles
- **Modern UI**: Built with Radix UI primitives and Tailwind CSS
- **Docker Support**: Complete containerized setup for easy deployment

## 🏗️ Architecture

### Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React 18, TypeScript, Next.js 14
- **Backend**: tRPC, Node.js
- **Database**: PostgreSQL 15
- **Cache**: Redis 7
- **AI**: Ollama (local LLM with llama3.2:3b-instruct-q4_K_M)
- **UI**: Radix UI, Tailwind CSS
- **State Management**: React Query + tRPC
- **Containerization**: Docker & Docker Compose

### Key Components

- **tRPC Routers**: Type-safe API endpoints for companies, ICPs, and data management
- **Redis Service**: Caching layer for performance optimization
- **AI Service**: Efficient ICP generation with single LLM call per profile
- **Database Layer**: PostgreSQL with proper schema and migrations
- **Ollama Integration**: Local LLM processing for privacy and performance

## 📦 Installation & Setup

### Prerequisites

- **Docker & Docker Compose** (recommended)
- **Node.js 18+** (for development)
- **Git**

### 🐳 Quick Start with Docker (Recommended)

1. **Clone the repository**

   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd icp
   ```

2. **Install Node.js dependencies**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Start everything with one command**

   ```bash
   npm run dev:services
   ```

   This command will:

   - Start PostgreSQL database
   - Start Redis cache
   - Start Ollama AI service
   - Download the required LLM model
   - Start the Next.js development server

4. **Open your browser**
   Navigate to `http://localhost:3000`

### Alternative Docker Commands

```bash
# Start only database services (no AI)
npm run dev:docker

# Start all services manually
npm run docker:up && npm run dev

# Start services and download model separately
npm run docker:up
docker exec icp_ollama ollama pull llama3.2:3b-instruct-q4_K_M
npm run dev
```

### 🔧 Manual Setup (Alternative)

1. **Clone the repository**

   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd icp
   ```

2. **Set up environment variables**

   ```bash
   # Copy the example environment file
   cp .env.example .env.local

   # Edit .env.local with your actual values
   # IMPORTANT: Never commit .env.local to git!
   ```

3. **Install dependencies**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

   ```

   ```

4. **Install dependencies**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

5. **Set up PostgreSQL**

   - Install PostgreSQL 15+
   - Create database: `icp_builder`
     - Create user: `icp_user` with password `your_secure_password_here`

6. **Set up Redis**

   - Install Redis 7+
   - Start Redis service

7. **Install Ollama**

   - Download from [ollama.ai](https://ollama.ai)
   - Pull the model: `ollama pull llama3.2:3b-instruct-q4_K_M`

8. **Configure environment**
   Create `.env.local`:

   ```env
   DB_HOST=localhost
   DB_PORT=5432
   DB_NAME=icp_builder
   DB_USER=icp_user
       DB_PASSWORD=your_secure_password_here
   DB_SSL=false
   TEST_USER_ID=11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111
   OPENAI_BASE_URL=http://localhost:11434
       OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key_here
   OLLAMA_MODEL=llama3.2:3b-instruct-q4_K_M
   REDIS_URL=redis://localhost:6379
   ```

9. **Start the development server**

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## 🚀 Usage

### 1. Company Setup

1. Navigate to "ICP Generator" tab
2. Fill in your company information:
   - Company name and basic details
   - Industry and target market
   - Value proposition and offerings
   - Pricing model and competitive advantages
3. Click "Save" to store company data

### 2. ICP Generation

1. Select your company from the dropdown
2. Click "Generate ICPs"
3. Wait for AI processing (typically 30-60 seconds for 3 ICPs)
4. View generated profiles in "ICP Profiles" tab

### 3. ICP Analysis

Each generated ICP includes:

- **Customer Segments**: Target audience identification
- **Pain Points**: Key challenges and problems
- **Jobs to be Done**: What customers want to accomplish
- **Desired Outcomes**: Expected results and benefits
- **Buying Triggers**: Events that prompt purchases
- **Common Objections**: Potential sales barriers
- **Value Proposition**: Unique value alignment
- **Go-to-Market Strategy**: Channels, messages, and content ideas
- **Fit Scoring**: 0-100 score with ABM tiering

### 4. Campaign Generation

1. Navigate to "Campaign Designer" tab
2. Select an ICP from your generated profiles
3. Choose copy style and media type
4. Add optional image prompt and campaign details
5. Click "Generate Campaign" to create AI-powered campaigns
6. View, edit, and manage your campaigns

### 5. Campaign Management

Each generated campaign includes:

- **Ad Copy**: Compelling copy for selected media type
- **Call-to-Action**: Clear and action-oriented CTAs
- **Landing Page Hooks**: Attention-grabbing hooks for landing pages
- **Landing Page Copy**: Persuasive copy for conversion
- **Image Suggestions**: AI-generated image descriptions
- **Export Options**: Download campaigns as JSON files

## 🔧 Development

### Project Structure

```text
src/
├── components/          # React components
│   ├── icp/            # ICP-related components
│   ├── campaign/       # Campaign components
│   ├── ui/             # Reusable UI components
│   └── providers/      # Context providers
├── server/             # tRPC server
│   ├── routers/        # API route handlers
│   └── trpc.ts         # tRPC configuration
├── services/           # Business logic
│   ├── ai/             # AI/LLM services
│   └── redis-service.ts # Redis caching
├── hooks/              # Custom React hooks
└── lib/                # Utilities and configurations
```

### Key Features

#### tRPC API Endpoints

- `company.*` - Company management (CRUD operations)
- `companyData.*` - Form data management
- `icp.*` - ICP generation and management
- `campaign.*` - Campaign generation and management

#### Redis Caching Strategy

- **Company Cache**: 1-hour TTL for company data
- **ICP Cache**: 2-hour TTL for generated profiles
- **State Cache**: 24-hour TTL for application state
- **Session Cache**: 30-minute TTL for user sessions

#### AI Processing

- **Single LLM Call per ICP**: Efficient generation with one comprehensive prompt
- **140+ Template Library**: B2B, B2C, and B2B2C variations
- **Intelligent Selection**: AI-driven template selection based on company data
- **Robust Error Handling**: Fallback values and comprehensive error management

## 🛠️ Development Commands

```bash
# Development
npm run dev              # Start development server
npm run build            # Build for production
npm run start            # Start production server

# Docker Development (Recommended)
npm run dev:full         # Start all Docker services + dev server
npm run dev:docker       # Start PostgreSQL + Redis + dev server
npm run dev:services     # Start PostgreSQL + Redis + Ollama + dev server

# Manual Docker Commands
npm run docker:up        # Start all Docker services
npm run docker:down      # Stop all Docker services
npm run docker:logs      # View service logs

# Database
npm run db:migrate       # Run database migrations
npm run db:seed          # Seed database with sample data

# Type checking
npm run type-check       # Run TypeScript type checking
npm run lint             # Run ESLint
```

## 🔍 API Documentation

### Company Endpoints

```typescript
// List all companies
trpc.company.list.query();

// Get company by ID
trpc.company.getById.query({ id: string });

// Create company
trpc.company.create.mutate(companyData);

// Update company field
trpc.company.updateField.mutate({ id, field, value });

// Delete company
trpc.company.delete.mutate({ id: string });
```

### ICP Endpoints

```typescript
// Generate ICPs
trpc.icp.generate.mutate({ companyId: string });

// Get ICPs by company
trpc.icp.getByCompany.query({ companyId: string });

// Get all ICPs (active company)
trpc.icp.getAll.query();

// Generate more ICPs
trpc.icp.generateMore.mutate({ companyId: string });
```

### Campaign Endpoints

````typescript
// Generate campaign
trpc.campaign.generate.mutate({
  icpId: string,
  copyStyle: 'facts' | 'humour' | 'smart' | 'emotional' | 'professional',
  mediaType: 'google-ads' | 'linkedin' | 'email' | 'print' | 'social-media',
  imagePrompt?: string,
  campaignDetails?: string
});

// Get all campaigns
trpc.campaign.getAll.query();

// Get campaign by ID
trpc.campaign.getById.query({ id: string });

// Get campaigns by ICP
trpc.campaign.getByIcpId.query({ icpId: string });

// Update campaign
trpc.campaign.update.mutate({ id: string, updates: object });

// Delete campaign
trpc.campaign.delete.mutate({ id: string });

## 🔧 Configuration

### Environment Variables

**⚠️ Security Warning**: Never commit `.env.local` to git! Use `.env.example` as a template.

```bash
# Copy the example file and edit with your values
cp .env.example .env.local
````

**Required Variables**:

```env
# Database
DB_HOST=localhost
DB_PORT=5432
DB_NAME=icp_builder
DB_USER=icp_user
DB_PASSWORD=your_secure_password_here
DB_SSL=false

# Redis
REDIS_URL=redis://localhost:6379

# AI/LLM
OPENAI_BASE_URL=http://localhost:11434
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key_here
OLLAMA_MODEL=llama3.2:3b-instruct-q4_K_M

# External APIs
VITE_APIFY_API_TOKEN=your_apify_api_token_here

# Development
TEST_USER_ID=11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111
NODE_ENV=development

# Docker PostgreSQL
POSTGRES_PASSWORD=your_secure_postgres_password_here
```

### Docker Configuration

The `docker-compose.yml` includes:

- **PostgreSQL 15**: Database with persistent storage
- **Redis 7**: Caching layer
- **Ollama**: Local LLM server

## 🚨 Error Handling

The application follows strict error handling principles:

- **No Fallback Patterns**: Explicit error throwing instead of graceful degradation
- **Type Safety**: Full TypeScript coverage prevents runtime errors
- **Validation**: Zod schemas validate all inputs
- **Logging**: Comprehensive error logging for debugging
- **User Feedback**: Clear error messages and loading states

## 🔒 Security & Performance

- **Type Safety**: End-to-end type safety with tRPC
- **Input Validation**: Zod schema validation on all inputs
- **Caching**: Redis-based caching for improved performance
- **Database**: Prepared statements and proper indexing
- **Local AI**: All LLM processing happens locally with Ollama
- **No External APIs**: No data sent to external AI services
- **Environment Security**: Sensitive data stored in `.env.local` (not committed to git)
- **API Key Protection**: All API keys and passwords in environment variables

## 🐳 Docker Deployment

### Production Deployment

1. **Build the application**

   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

2. **Start production services**

   ```bash
   docker-compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml up -d
   ```

3. **Access the application**
   Navigate to your server's IP address

### Docker Services

- **icp_postgres**: PostgreSQL database
- **icp_redis**: Redis cache
- **icp_ollama**: Local LLM server
- **icp_app**: Next.js application (development)

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## 🆘 Support

For support and questions:

- Check the documentation
- Review existing issues
- Create a new issue with detailed information

## 🎯 Performance Notes

- **ICP Generation**: 30-60 seconds for 3 ICPs
- **LLM Model**: 2GB llama3.2:3b-instruct-q4_K_M model
- **Memory Usage**: ~4GB RAM recommended for Docker setup
- **Storage**: ~5GB for Docker images and database

---

Commit message:

feat: update README to include Campaign Library and browsing instructions
- Add details about the new Campaign Library feature for browsing and managing saved campaigns.
- Update campaign management section to reflect changes in navigation and functionality.
- Ensure all updates maintain clarity and consistency in documentation.

README.md, after:

# ICP Builder

A modern React/TypeScript application that generates Ideal Customer Profiles (ICPs) using AI analysis. Built with Next.js, tRPC, PostgreSQL, Redis, and Ollama for optimal performance and type safety.

## 🚀 Features

- **AI-Powered ICP Generation**: Uses Ollama LLM for intelligent customer profile creation
- **140+ ICP Templates**: Comprehensive library of B2B, B2C, and B2B2C customer profiles
- **Type-Safe API**: Full end-to-end type safety with tRPC
- **Redis Caching**: High-performance caching for companies, ICPs, and application state
- **PostgreSQL Database**: Robust data persistence with proper schema management
- **Single LLM Call Generation**: Efficient ICP generation with one call per profile
- **Company Management**: Create, update, and manage multiple companies
- **AI Campaign Generation**: Generate complete marketing campaigns using AI
- **Campaign Management**: Create, edit, delete, and organize campaigns
- **Campaign Library**: Browse and view all saved campaigns in an organized grid layout
- **Multi-Media Support**: Google Ads, LinkedIn, Email, Print, and Social Media campaigns
- **Copy Style Options**: Facts, Humour, Smart, Emotional, and Professional styles
- **Modern UI**: Built with Radix UI primitives and Tailwind CSS
- **Docker Support**: Complete containerized setup for easy deployment

## 🏗️ Architecture

### Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React 18, TypeScript, Next.js 14
- **Backend**: tRPC, Node.js
- **Database**: PostgreSQL 15
- **Cache**: Redis 7
- **AI**: Ollama (local LLM with llama3.2:3b-instruct-q4_K_M)
- **UI**: Radix UI, Tailwind CSS
- **State Management**: React Query + tRPC
- **Containerization**: Docker & Docker Compose

### Key Components

- **tRPC Routers**: Type-safe API endpoints for companies, ICPs, and data management
- **Redis Service**: Caching layer for performance optimization
- **AI Service**: Efficient ICP generation with single LLM call per profile
- **Database Layer**: PostgreSQL with proper schema and migrations
- **Ollama Integration**: Local LLM processing for privacy and performance

## 📦 Installation & Setup

### Prerequisites

- **Docker & Docker Compose** (recommended)
- **Node.js 18+** (for development)
- **Git**

### 🐳 Quick Start with Docker (Recommended)

1. **Clone the repository**

   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd icp
   ```

2. **Install Node.js dependencies**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Start everything with one command**

   ```bash
   npm run dev:services
   ```

   This command will:

   - Start PostgreSQL database
   - Start Redis cache
   - Start Ollama AI service
   - Download the required LLM model
   - Start the Next.js development server

4. **Open your browser**
   Navigate to `http://localhost:3000`

### Alternative Docker Commands

```bash
# Start only database services (no AI)
npm run dev:docker

# Start all services manually
npm run docker:up && npm run dev

# Start services and download model separately
npm run docker:up
docker exec icp_ollama ollama pull llama3.2:3b-instruct-q4_K_M
npm run dev
```

### 🔧 Manual Setup (Alternative)

1. **Clone the repository**

   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd icp
   ```

2. **Set up environment variables**

   ```bash
   # Copy the example environment file
   cp .env.example .env.local

   # Edit .env.local with your actual values
   # IMPORTANT: Never commit .env.local to git!
   ```

3. **Install dependencies**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

4. **Install dependencies**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

5. **Set up PostgreSQL**

   - Install PostgreSQL 15+
   - Create database: `icp_builder`
     - Create user: `icp_user` with password `your_secure_password_here`

6. **Set up Redis**

   - Install Redis 7+
   - Start Redis service

7. **Install Ollama**

   - Download from [ollama.ai](https://ollama.ai)
   - Pull the model: `ollama pull llama3.2:3b-instruct-q4_K_M`

8. **Configure environment**
   Create `.env.local`:

   ```env
   DB_HOST=localhost
   DB_PORT=5432
   DB_NAME=icp_builder
   DB_USER=icp_user
       DB_PASSWORD=your_secure_password_here
   DB_SSL=false
   TEST_USER_ID=11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111
   OPENAI_BASE_URL=http://localhost:11434
       OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key_here
   OLLAMA_MODEL=llama3.2:3b-instruct-q4_K_M
   REDIS_URL=redis://localhost:6379
   ```

9. **Start the development server**

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## 🚀 Usage

### 1. Company Setup

1. Navigate to "ICP Generator" tab
2. Fill in your company information:
   - Company name and basic details
   - Industry and target market
   - Value proposition and offerings
   - Pricing model and competitive advantages
3. Click "Save" to store company data

### 2. ICP Generation

1. Select your company from the dropdown
2. Click "Generate ICPs"
3. Wait for AI processing (typically 30-60 seconds for 3 ICPs)
4. View generated profiles in "ICP Profiles" tab

### 3. ICP Analysis

Each generated ICP includes:

- **Customer Segments**: Target audience identification
- **Pain Points**: Key challenges and problems
- **Jobs to be Done**: What customers want to accomplish
- **Desired Outcomes**: Expected results and benefits
- **Buying Triggers**: Events that prompt purchases
- **Common Objections**: Potential sales barriers
- **Value Proposition**: Unique value alignment
- **Go-to-Market Strategy**: Channels, messages, and content ideas
- **Fit Scoring**: 0-100 score with ABM tiering

### 4. Campaign Generation

1. Navigate to "Campaign Designer" tab
2. Select an ICP from your generated profiles
3. Choose copy style and media type
4. Add optional image prompt and campaign details
5. Click "Generate Campaign" to create AI-powered campaigns
6. View, edit, and manage your campaigns

### 5. Campaign Browsing

1. In the "Campaign Designer" tab, click "View Campaigns" to browse all saved campaigns
2. Campaigns are organized in a grid layout showing:
   - Campaign name and creation date
   - Copy style and media type with visual indicators
   - Preview of ad copy content
   - Quick action buttons for view, edit, and delete
3. Click on any campaign to view full details
4. Use the "New Campaign" button to create additional campaigns

### 6. Campaign Management

Each generated campaign includes:

- **Ad Copy**: Compelling copy for selected media type
- **Call-to-Action**: Clear and action-oriented CTAs
- **Landing Page Hooks**: Attention-grabbing hooks for landing pages
- **Landing Page Copy**: Persuasive copy for conversion
- **Image Suggestions**: AI-generated image descriptions
- **Export Options**: Download campaigns as JSON files
- **Campaign Library**: Browse and manage all campaigns for each company

## 🔧 Development

### Project Structure

```text
src/
├── components/          # React components
│   ├── icp/            # ICP-related components
│   ├── campaign/       # Campaign components
│   ├── ui/             # Reusable UI components
│   └── providers/      # Context providers
├── server/             # tRPC server
│   ├── routers/        # API route handlers
│   └── trpc.ts         # tRPC configuration
├── services/           # Business logic
│   ├── ai/             # AI/LLM services
│   └── redis-service.ts # Redis caching
├── hooks/              # Custom React hooks
└── lib/                # Utilities and configurations
```

### Key Features

#### tRPC API Endpoints

- `company.*` - Company management (CRUD operations)
- `companyData.*` - Form data management
- `icp.*` - ICP generation and management
- `campaign.*` - Campaign generation and management

#### Redis Caching Strategy

- **Company Cache**: 1-hour TTL for company data
- **ICP Cache**: 2-hour TTL for generated profiles
- **State Cache**: 24-hour TTL for application state
- **Session Cache**: 30-minute TTL for user sessions

#### AI Processing

- **Single LLM Call per ICP**: Efficient generation with one comprehensive prompt
- **140+ Template Library**: B2B, B2C, and B2B2C variations
- **Intelligent Selection**: AI-driven template selection based on company data
- **Robust Error Handling**: Fallback values and comprehensive error management

## 🛠️ Development Commands

```bash
# Development
npm run dev              # Start development server
npm run build            # Build for production
npm run start            # Start production server

# Docker Development (Recommended)
npm run dev:full         # Start all Docker services + dev server
npm run dev:docker       # Start PostgreSQL + Redis + dev server
npm run dev:services     # Start PostgreSQL + Redis + Ollama + dev server

# Manual Docker Commands
npm run docker:up        # Start all Docker services
npm run docker:down      # Stop all Docker services
npm run docker:logs      # View service logs

# Database
npm run db:migrate       # Run database migrations
npm run db:seed          # Seed database with sample data

# Type checking
npm run type-check       # Run TypeScript type checking
npm run lint             # Run ESLint
```

## 🔍 API Documentation

### Company Endpoints

```typescript
// List all companies
trpc.company.list.query();

// Get company by ID
trpc.company.getById.query({ id: string });

// Create company
trpc.company.create.mutate(companyData);

// Update company field
trpc.company.updateField.mutate({ id, field, value });

// Delete company
trpc.company.delete.mutate({ id: string });
```

### ICP Endpoints

```typescript
// Generate ICPs
trpc.icp.generate.mutate({ companyId: string });

// Get ICPs by company
trpc.icp.getByCompany.query({ companyId: string });

// Get all ICPs (active company)
trpc.icp.getAll.query();

// Generate more ICPs
trpc.icp.generateMore.mutate({ companyId: string });
```

### Campaign Endpoints

````typescript
// Generate campaign
trpc.campaign.generate.mutate({
  icpId: string,
  copyStyle: 'facts' | 'humour' | 'smart' | 'emotional' | 'professional',
  mediaType: 'google-ads' | 'linkedin' | 'email' | 'print' | 'social-media',
  imagePrompt?: string,
  campaignDetails?: string
});

// Get all campaigns
trpc.campaign.getAll.query();

// Get campaign by ID
trpc.campaign.getById.query({ id: string });

// Get campaigns by ICP
trpc.campaign.getByIcpId.query({ icpId: string });

// Get campaigns by company
trpc.campaign.getByCompany.query({ companyId: string });

// Update campaign
trpc.campaign.update.mutate({ id: string, updates: object });

// Delete campaign
trpc.campaign.delete.mutate({ id: string });

## 🔧 Configuration

### Environment Variables

**⚠️ Security Warning**: Never commit `.env.local` to git! Use `.env.example` as a template.

```bash
# Copy the example file and edit with your values
cp .env.example .env.local
````

**Required Variables**:

```env
# Database
DB_HOST=localhost
DB_PORT=5432
DB_NAME=icp_builder
DB_USER=icp_user
DB_PASSWORD=your_secure_password_here
DB_SSL=false

# Redis
REDIS_URL=redis://localhost:6379

# AI/LLM
OPENAI_BASE_URL=http://localhost:11434
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key_here
OLLAMA_MODEL=llama3.2:3b-instruct-q4_K_M

# External APIs
VITE_APIFY_API_TOKEN=your_apify_api_token_here

# Development
TEST_USER_ID=11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111
NODE_ENV=development

# Docker PostgreSQL
POSTGRES_PASSWORD=your_secure_postgres_password_here
```

### Docker Configuration

The `docker-compose.yml` includes:

- **PostgreSQL 15**: Database with persistent storage
- **Redis 7**: Caching layer
- **Ollama**: Local LLM server

## 🚨 Error Handling

The application follows strict error handling principles:

- **No Fallback Patterns**: Explicit error throwing instead of graceful degradation
- **Type Safety**: Full TypeScript coverage prevents runtime errors
- **Validation**: Zod schemas validate all inputs
- **Logging**: Comprehensive error logging for debugging
- **User Feedback**: Clear error messages and loading states

## 🔒 Security & Performance

- **Type Safety**: End-to-end type safety with tRPC
- **Input Validation**: Zod schema validation on all inputs
- **Caching**: Redis-based caching for improved performance
- **Database**: Prepared statements and proper indexing
- **Local AI**: All LLM processing happens locally with Ollama
- **No External APIs**: No data sent to external AI services
- **Environment Security**: Sensitive data stored in `.env.local` (not committed to git)
- **API Key Protection**: All API keys and passwords in environment variables

## 🐳 Docker Deployment

### Production Deployment

1. **Build the application**

   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

2. **Start production services**

   ```bash
   docker-compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml up -d
   ```

3. **Access the application**
   Navigate to your server's IP address

### Docker Services

- **icp_postgres**: PostgreSQL database
- **icp_redis**: Redis cache
- **icp_ollama**: Local LLM server
- **icp_app**: Next.js application (development)

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## 🆘 Support

For support and questions:

- Check the documentation
- Review existing issues
- Create a new issue with detailed information

## 🎯 Performance Notes

- **ICP Generation**: 30-60 seconds for 3 ICPs
- **LLM Model**: 2GB llama3.2:3b-instruct-q4_K_M model
- **Memory Usage**: ~4GB RAM recommended for Docker setup
- **Storage**: ~5GB for Docker images and database

---
